has presented its third quarter results.   The
company's figures that have come have been mixed.  There has been a
decline in profits.   There will be a
special discussion on this today in Copet Connection.
We are joined by Gopal Balachandra, CFO, ICICI Lombard.
We will know from them whether the recovery in the motor market is
expected to continue or not.
Also, what are the figures indicating regarding growth in the CV segment
?
Welcome Gopal ji to our very special
presentation and let us start here
with our first question.
If we look at retail growth,
what kind of picture do you see emerging here in terms of sustainability
?
Yours is a very good question.  But
before answering that, I would like to say that
Happy New Year wishes to all my viewers and all of you.
But coming back to your
question about retail.  If you talk about retail,
we see it on two or three lines.
One is retail health and the other is motor
and auto insurance.  Both segments have been very very good
for SS Labard.
When you have seen the numbers of the quarter, three or nine months.
But monetarily if you have
seen the numbers of quarter three then I
think the government and all the regulatory
bodies are bringing a lot of reforms in
the context of for example at the end
of quarter two we saw that there was
a landmark GST reforms that came into
existence, due to which we are seeing a
lot of increase in the consumer demand on the ground
and because of which I think one has been able to see the
overall insurance
industry which was reflecting single digit growth in the first half.
In Quarter Three, The Industry Has Kind of Grown Overall
Across Lines in a Double-Digit Number.  And
this quarter has been quite good for IC Labard on
the retail lines.  For
example, if we talk about the growth of Retail Health,
our growth has almost been about
86%.  Ah so that's a very very good
growth that we are very very happy with
and this has been added by an all-rounded
growth in terms of across the length
and breadth of the country.  And if we
talk about motors, our
market leadership, ICIC has always been a
market leader in motors and the
good news is that I think we have been able to see a
significant rebound
of growth coming in motors. The gap between
industry growth and LBA
growth has substantially narrowed down
if you have seen the numbers of quarter three,
but morally what we are very
excited with is that in the month of December, if
you see, the industry growth on motors
was about 12.4% and the growth of IC Labard was
16.1%.  So we have also
outperformed the industry in motor in the month
of December and that is something that we are very very happy
with in terms of the
trajectory that it gets reflected
for quarter four and the way forward.
Absolutely Gopal ji, here we talk about motor market
share.  Is the
recovery beginning to appear here
and will it only get better in the times to come
?
Like I said, ICC LB is still the industry
leader in motors.  And our gap,
as I said, if
you look at the September numbers, our gap in
terms of industry growth and
ICMARD growth was almost about
5% difference.   The
industry growth in the first half was
almost about 7.6%.
ICICI LB's growth was only 2%-2.2% in
the first half, but in quarter
three, as I said, we have
substantially narrowed down this gap.
And more recently in the month of December I
think Isolmar's growth has been better than
the industry growth by almost about close
to about 400 basis points.
So that is something that I think is what something that we are very very excited
with and the endeavor will be
to continue to maintain market leadership in
motor insurance as a category but at the same
time our ICC Lombard philosophy has always been to continue to
drive
growth but at the same time make sure that we are
writing profitable growth and
you can now see how the numbers are shaping up regarding such growth.
As I said, for us,
motor insurance for SS Labard is a
category, we call it preferred category.
Age in that's an area where we want to
kind of stay invested in terms
of driving profitable growth.
And if you look at the motor with in motor, I
think we're very, very positive on all
three segments.  Ah, whether you
talk about private cars, two-wheelers
or commercial vehicles.  And the
regulatory reforms that have been brought in are in the
context of the landmark GST
reforms that were announced at the end of September.
Because of that I think it has been
a very all-rounded consumer
demand, led by growth across the three categories
of private cars, two-wheelers and commercial
vehicles.  As an example, if I talk
about commercial vehicles, the tractor
segment, I think its growth which
we have seen has been in reach of 30%
plus, so again commercial vehicles as a
segment is something that is an exciting
opportunity and but for your I lambard, the
mix in terms of what the
mix will be between private cars, two
wheelers and commercial vehicles can
change from time to time because depending on how we see the
market environment play
out is how we will be able to translate
that opportunity in terms of writing
profitable businesses and since to that extent
that mix will undergo a change, but at this
point of time,
we are very, very
positive on the commercial vehicles category as well and since we will continue
to look for
appropriate risk selection to happen in that
segment as well.
Asking questions about the combined ratio, do
you still see it as elevated
?  What kind of trend should we
expect for the coming years as
well.
So as we have always been saying
that our objective is to continue to see an improvement
in our combined
numbers.  And at the same time, our
second objective which we have
told all the viewers of Slush Market is to
deliver a sustainable ROE in the range of 18 to
20%.  So let me talk about both.
If you look at the combined ratio, as
you rightly said that in this quarter there has been a
one time impact of the new wage code
that came into existence in the month of November,
due to which the impact on our profit slash combined is the
absolute amount,
we have taken an impact of Rs 55 crore
in quarter three, due to which our
reported combined which was 104.5, if we
remove its impact then that number becomes
103.5,
second thing is our combined ratio.
This has to be looked at in the
context of where the industry is.  So
if you see, while all the industry
numbers for quarter three have not been reported yet,
we have the numbers for the first half.  So the overall combination of the industry has become
quite adverse.  All companies have
reported combined ratios ranging from 113% to 119%.  On
that, if you
look at the combined ratio of IC Lumbs,
in the first half the combined
ratio of IC Marks is 104%, so clearly the gap
between IC Lumbs combined ratio and
industry combined ratio has been has continues to be more than
10%.
We have always seen a difference of more than 10% between
the industry combined and IC Lumbs
combined and hence that is how you should view
the combined ratio that we have been kind of
reporting. Secondly, if you remember
in quarter three of last year, there was
a change in the way accounting was done regarding
long term policies.  So because of that there are
various news that gets
reflected.  So here's a better way to look at it is
to look at the combined ratio on an average
basis.  If you look at it on an end-to-end basis,
our combined ratio in quarter three of last financial year was 102.3%.
On the same end basis, if you
look at the numbers of current quarter three, that number is
112.2%.  So we have actually been able to see an
improvement in our combined ratios on an end basis from
quarter three to quarter three
and moreover even the ROE numbers, if you see
those numbers then you should look at it on year to date basis only, so
if you would have seen that this
nine months number, the reported ROE has been within that
range of between 18 to 20%.
So, hey, we are very, very
excited with the way this quarter has
played out in terms of very, very
positive growth momentum.  And at the same time
making noise that we are saying discipline of
delivering an ROE in that range of 18 to
20%.   If we
want to understand the impact of the Labour Code on profitability, how much does it
seem to be having?
Absolutely the right question.  But these reforms,
anyone can call them wage reforms or wage code reforms.  I think this is again a very
positive step
taken by the government.  In terms of enhancing social
security measures for the entire
labour community.  Enhance is structurally very
positive from a long term
perspective.  But having said that when this wage
code was notified, as I said
in the month of November, we assessed
what would be the impact on our IC lab
from a financial stand point. So,
as we did the actual valuation in
line with the accounting prescription, as per the actual
valuation report, there is a
past service cost of Rs 55 crore and that is more a one-
time impact that we have taken as a
part of the quarter three financial
numbers. So, whatever is the reported profits
of this quarter, on profit before tax, the
impact of Rs 55 crore on that is something that we have
already factored it.  So those
numbers have to be viewed in that
context and that's why I said that
even the combined ratio which is reported
on a one by one basis, which is reported at 104.5%,
if you
remove the impact of the page code, that has had an
impact of almost about 100
basis points.  So that's more of an
impact which impacted quarter three
and nine months and the second component of
ours there is another 17 crores which
is this is
unmotivated
cost which will get amortized over the
next three years.  So,
we will take the impact of this amount of Rs 17 crore
in the next three years, again in line with the actual
valuation and in line with the accounting
prescription.
Gopal ji, you gave your time and answered all the questions
here.  Thanks for joining us today
and let's take a short break.